1. X is a spicy, deep-fried chicken dish originating from Tamil Nadu, India, as a bar snack, entree, or quick snack. The flavour of
the dish comes from ginger, cayenne pepper, mustard powder and vinegar although the exact recipe can vary.
Many sources claim X  was a dish introduced in 1965(Clue) at
the famous Buhari Hotel restaurant in Chennai by its founder
A.M.Buhari, a pioneer in the South Indian food industry. ID X

2. Term originated from the magazines of the first half of the 20th century which were printed on cheap "X" paper and published fantastic,
escapist fiction for the general entertainment of the mass audiences. The 'X fiction' era provided a breeding ground for
 creative talent which would influence all forms of entertainment for decades to come. X is also a name of a movie. ID X.

3. The last telegram in India was sent by Ashwani Mishra, who sent Telegram to two people one of them was a Director of DD news SM Khan who
was the other?

4. “The framework I found, which made the decision incredibly easy, was what I called a regret minimization framework.
I wanted to project myself forward to age 80 and say, ‘OK, I’m looking back on my life.I want to minimize the number of regrets I have.’
And I knew that when I was 80, I was not going to regret having tried this.I was not going to regret trying to participate in this thing called the Internet that I thought was going to be a really big deal.
I knew that if I failed, I wouldn’t regret that. But I knew the one thing I might regret is not ever having tried.
I knew that that would haunt me every day.” Who or what did he start?

5. Developed by Vietnam-based developer Nguyễn Hà Đông X is a hyper viral mobile game. It was realeased around may 2013, but went viral in early 2014
before the developer took down the game mysteriously. ID X.

6. This Car company started it operation because Hitler wanted his common citizens to drive a affordable car. The first version of this companies
car was designed by Ferdinand Porsche. Name this still famous car Brand which in German literally means "Peoples Car".

7.Who is the First Batsman to be run out by using television replays(Third Umpire)?

8. One of the problems Pilots had when they where flying near the earths surface was the bright sun rays. Rayban eventually solved this problem
by coming up with certain kind of glasses. How do we know this type of glasses today?

9. He is known to give a numerical or a number to all of his book titles to date. When asked about this he replied “I'm a banker, I can't get numbers out of my head”.
He has also followed a pattern with his books by naming the protagonists after Lord Krishna.

10. Mysore Paints and Varnish Limited is a public company located in Mysore. It is the only company in India authorised to produce a certain commodity. This Item
in the coming month will be used by almost every Indian Adult. What? (Descriptive answers accepted)

11. One of the only dargah's in Dakshina Kannada that has been built over a woman's grave is located at a very central location in Mangalore
It is incorrectly believed by many that this dargah was built over the tomb of X, after whom a popular street near central market road Mangalore, is named. However,
according to official records, the tomb belongs to Saidan Bibi, who only shares half the name of X.Identify location of the Dargah, and X.

12. Which Asian Countrys flag can be describes as follows:
  White Background.
  Two Dark blue strips, one each on the top and bottom.
  A blue "Magen David" in the centre.

13.Who among the following has won an oscar :Tom cruise, Brad Pitt, Leonardo Dicaprio, Alfred Hitchcock.

14. Luis von Ahn is a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University. His recent project is Duolingo a crowd sourced foriegn language
learning application. Von Ahn's previous project is some thing almost every internet user has been forced to use more than once. While part of its
technology provides Internet security, it also ingeniously helps translate scanned copies of old english documents. What?

15. "Here lies one who spared neither man nor God Waste not your tears on him, he was a sod Writing nasty things he regarded as great fun Thank the Lord he is dead, this son of a gun."
Self written epitaph of a recently deceased person. who?

16.whose real name is karenjeet kaur vohra? 

17. This Internal combustion engine efficiency increasing technology was banned in 1989 F1 racing season citing safety concerns and re-introduced in 2014 F1 season. This technology is heavily used in all automobiles. What is that technology?

18. Connect the non exhaustive list of words(Clue:etymology). Sepoy, Bunglow, Bandana, Ghee, Juggernaut, Loot, Shampoo. 

19. She was Indias Favourite Heroine, and he was the He-Man of Bollywood. To prevent legal hassels and problem from families they converted to Islam Before Marriage. The Nikahnama stated, "Dilawar Khan Kewal Krishn (44 years) accepted Aisha Bi R. Chakravarty (29 years) as his wife on 21 August 1979 at a mehr of Rs 111,000 in the presence of two legal witnesses." How do we better know this ever green bollywood couple.

20. The American 23rd seed John Isner defeated the French qualifier Nicolas Mahut after 11 hours, 5 minutes of play over three days, with a final score of 6–4, 3–6, 6–7(7–9), 7–6(7–3), 70–68 for a total of 183 games. Famous for what?

21. X was a Medical student, who went on a tour of South America,with his friend, This changed his view of the world forever. The hunger, poverty and exploitation sparked in him a rebel. People Lovingly called him Y. Id X and Y  

22.Five sons of Draupadi - Prativindhya, Sutasoma, Srutakirti, Satanika, and Srutakarma, were killed on the night after the last day of the war of Mahabharata. Who was the killer ?

23. In a tall glass, one layer of kesar ice-cream, a thin layer of jelly, some dry-fruits, then strawberry ice-cream, fresh fruits and vanilla ice-cream is how this icecream is prepared.
There is some doubts of the origins of this icream. Ideal icreams of Mangalore and Diana of Udupi both claim they came up with it first. Yet both these cities love this icream. What?

24. X was born in Guwahati, Assam on 9 October 1973. He comes from a family of eminent jurists.Goswami began his career in TV news broadcast with NDTV 24x7 in 1995, where he anchored daily newscasts, 
and reporting for News Tonight a programme telecast on DD Metro. Todays X's show is quite undisputably India's 'most heard' TV show. Who?

25. This word originally meant ‘blessed’ in English, and later came to mean ‘innocent’. 
It then developed an extra sense, meaning ‘foolish’ or ‘empty’ and travelled thus towards also meaning ‘humble.’
 Some linguists believe that this last association explains its frequent use while referring to some fielding positions in cricket, 
in that these positions meant more work, and were thus always given to people of the lower classes.
 Others believe that the ‘empty’ sense is more accurate. What word?
