1. During an meeting between Jamsetji N. Tata and Swami Vivekananda on a ship in 1893 they discussed Tata's plan of bringing the steel industry to India and Swami Vivekananda also Inspired Jamsetji to start some something. What?

2*.Etymology of X is derived from the Greek word meaning "singing to the lyre". The lyre is a stringed musical instrument known for its use in Greek classical antiquity. ID X.

3*. X is the dried latex (gum oleoresin) exuded from the living underground rhizome or tap root of several species of Ferula, which is a perennial herb.X has a pungent, unpleasant smell when raw, but in cooked dishes, it delivers a smooth flavor. ID X.

5*. Mount Meru finds mention innumerable times in Hindu lore. Legends say that Mount Meru and the wind god Vayu were good friends. However, the sage Narada approached Vayu and incited him to humble the mountain. Vayu blew with full force for one full year, but Meru was shielded by Garuda with his wings. However, after a year Garuda was bored and took a break ;). Thus the apex of the mountain was broken and it fell into the sea and created X. ID X

6. Netherland, North Korea and the US states Washington and Colarado are the only places where this legal. However Cannada, Cez Republic and Isreal permit the medical use. What?(Slangs are not accepted)

7. Connect RSS, Markdown, Reddit, Creative Commons to a famous personality. 

8*. AFI's 100 Years... 100 Movie Quotes is a list of the top 100 movie quotations in American cinema. There is only one qoute form a movie in the 21st century. which Quote?

9*. During the Fifth Solvay International Conference on Electrons and Photons, where the world's most notable physicists met to discuss the newly formulated quantum theory. X, disenchanted with Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, remarked "God does not play dice". Y replied, "X, stop telling God what to do". Name X AND Y.

10. There have been numerous instances when the Nobel Peace Prize hasn't been awarded.But never has been an explanation given for the same by the Nobel Committe except for one instance.."There was no suitable living candidate" which ofcourse came from the provision in Alfred Nobel's will that only living people could receive the prize.Who am I talking about ? 

11*. Fred Hoyle is credited with coining the term X during a 1949 radio broadcast. It is popularly reported that Hoyle, who favored an alternative "steady state" cosmological model, intended this to be pejorative, but Hoyle explicitly denied this and said it was just a striking image meant to highlight the difference between the two models. ID X.

12. The very earliest known examples of  X are attributed to Harvey Ball, a commercial artist in Worcester, Massachusetts. He devised it in 1963 for the State Mutual Life Assurance Company, which wanted an internal campaign to improve employee morale. Ball never attempted to use, promote or trademark the image; it fell into the public domain in the United States before that could be accomplished. As a result, Ball never made any profit for the iconic image beyond his initial $45 fee. Also in 1963, a children's cartoon series titled The Funny Company began airing on television, which also featured a version of this on the caps worn by the animated children.ID X.

13. It was co-founded by two former Facebook employees, Adam D'Angelo and Charlie Cheever. They thought that Q & A is one of those areas on the Internet where there are a lot of sites, but no one had come along and built something that was really good yet.. Its user base now includes some well-known people, such as Steve Case, Marc Andreesen, Dustin Moskovitz, Jimmy Wales, Justin Trudeau and Ashton Kutcher

14. The story starts with this match at ______in Oct 2007. Y bowled X in this match. As Y revealed later,  "...there was a photo of it, I asked him to sign for me. He did it and wrote me a message. Underneath his signature, he wrote, ‘This will never happen again, Y."  
From then on the X played 21 innings against a team which has featured Y and has kept up his word. ID X & Y(No part Points).

15*. The saying comes from the English Royal Navy during the mid 19th century. In order to stop the plates/ dishes slipping around on the table when the ship was at sea, four pieces of wood were nailed to the benches in the shape of a square to stop the plates from slipping... Hence the saying.

16*. X is the uncertainty in situational awareness experienced by participants in military operations. The term seeks to capture the uncertainty regarding one's own capability, adversary capability, and adversary intent during an engagement, operation, or campaign. The term "X" has become jargon in military and adventure video and computer games, in the more limited sense of enemy units or characters being hidden from the player. Often this is done by obscuring sections of the map already explored by the player whenever they do not have a unit in that area to report on what is there. ID X.

18. The new rules state that canditates who have not reached their 80th birthday on the day of the previous heads death are eligible to enter the conclave. All listining devices are eliminated from the venue of the conclave. The canditates are not allowed contact the with outside world including cell phones, news papers, television, messages, letters or signals. Process for what?

19. Which is the worlds first multinational corporation and also the first company to issue stocks?

20*. In 1968, Dr.Spencer Silver ,a scientist at 3M,set out to develop Super Glue ,but ended up developing a "low-tack," reusable pressure sensitive adhesive. A colleague came up with the idea of using the adhesive to anchor his bookmark in his hymnbook. Which product makes use of this adhesive?? 

21. Who quite recently on Oprah Winfrey show partially admitted to have done drugs?

22. Genco Pura Olive oil company was a cover up buisness for which Don's Mafia operations.

23*.James Marshall "X" was an American musician, singer and songwriter. Law enforcement authorities twice caught X riding in stolen cars and when given a choice between spending time in prison or joining the Army, he chose the latter and enlisted on May 31, 1961. On June 29, 1962, Captain Gilbert Batchman granted X an honorable discharge on the basis of unsuitability. ID X

24. This is a very well know song, sung on a special occasion. But what most people dont know is the copy right for the song is owned by Warner/Chappell Music, Inc. Based on the 1935 copyright registration, Warner claims that the United States copyright will not expire until 2030, and that unauthorized public performances of the song are technically illegal unless royalties are paid to it. Which song?

25.  When he was sixteen, he received a scholarship to attend the Georgian Orthodox Tiflis Theological Seminary in Tbilisi. Although his performance had been satisfactory, he was expelled in 1899 after missing his final exams. The seminary's records also suggest that he was unable to pay his tuition fees. The official Soviet version states that he was expelled for reading illegal literature and for forming a Social Democratic study circle. Around this time, he discovered the writings of Vladimir Lenin and decided to become a Marxist revolutionary. His activities included organizing paramilitaries, inciting strikes, spreading propaganda, and raising money through bank robberies, ransom kidnappings, and extortion. He was sent to Siberia on seven different occasions. During his final exile, he was conscripted by the Russian army to fight in World War I, but he was deemed unfit for service due to his deformed left arm. Who?
